I listen to all the bolts off home made
our old eight five millimeter socket
with a cut-down allen key makes life a
lot easier
removing the bulbs loosen everything off
this bolt and this bolt should be loose
because you've taken me watch cable I'm
now the first time I did this I have a
piece of polystyrene but I place the
ball team in order all the way around
obviously I know the way it's going now
so I don't need to do that and I'm going
to leave all the bolts in the casings
this is the one that I didn't listen
obviously because it's inside if you
have this e model this is where your
electric the electric start bolts into
actually starts it's on the back comes
in but obviously it kicks out on the
model doesn't have it
now we've got a neutral cable down here
crosshead Phillips Phillips eyes three
undo it
just pull the cable
flywheel and absolutely Pig to get off
worth its weight in gold for this job if
you look at the manual it tells you to
take the top end apart first I found it
easier
leaving it together you I've got some of
the compression to keep you going and to
give you some bit of 19 mil socket into
the wind Eagle connector standard it
will not come off that easy first time
it will be an absolutely swagging to get
off you might even find that you're
using heat on it just to get it off now
the flywheel is going to be an absolute
Pig again
you need a puller ideally - like Paula
if not three I have to borrow one - take
it off initially because my three like
puller was just a bit too bit too big a
bit too small to fit on the outside too
big to go on the inside I'll take the
I'll take the flywheel off and then
we'll come back again